Newcourses (#7217)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

### HTML and CSS

> * [CSS Mastery in one Video 9 hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyxzAU3p8CE&t=6063s) - Vishwajeet Kumar(Youtube)

Reviewer: - Using titles as same as the provided by the original resource
- Removing start timestamp from YT url
- Use syntax for instructors
- No YT annotations

```suggestion
* [CSS Tutorial in Hindi \| Complete CSS Course For Beginners to Advanced \| Step By Step Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyxzAU3p8CE) - Tech Gun, `tch.:` Vishwajeet Kumar
```

* [HTML CSS & Browser APIs](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-Jc9J83PIiHU9RkY9sfh3G64-bd0ptvC) - Pepcoding

> * [HTMl in one Video 4 hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXPWs00RD3A&t=5884s) - Vishwajeet Kumar(youtube)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [HTML Tutorial in Hindi \| Complete HTML Course For Beginners to Advanced](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXPWs00RD3A) - Tech Gun, `tch.:` Vishwajeet Kumar
```
